Gh-374: Add details of cache suffixes to changelog (#373)
gchq/gaffer-doc: docs/gaffer2.0/federation-changes.md

| GetSchema         | MergeSchema                 |
| GetTraits         | CollectionIntersect         |
| others            | ConcatenateMergeFunction    |

## SuffixCacheName 

> All Cache implementations are given a name and you can have multiple caches like NamedOperations, NamedViews, ect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All Cache implementations are given a name and you can have multiple caches like NamedOperations, NamedViews, etc.
```

> However within FederatedStore where multiple graphs may exist, by default a cache name has the suffix of `graphId` added for identity and keeping caches for different graphs seperate e.g NamedOperationCache_graph1, NamedOperationCache_graph2, NamedOperationCache_graph3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However within FederatedStore where multiple graphs may exist, a cache name has the suffix of `graphId` added by default for identity and keeping caches for different graphs separate, e.g NamedOperationCache_graph1, NamedOperationCache_graph2, NamedOperationCache_graph3.
```

The User can configure all the cache suffix for a graph in the StoreProperties using a flag that takes priority over graphId.

`gaffer.cache.service.default.suffix`

The User can configure the individual cache suffix for a graph in the StoreProperties using the flags that takes priority over default.suffix.
`gaffer.cache.service.named.operation.suffix`, 
`gaffer.cache.service.job.tracker.suffix`, 
`gaffer.cache.service.named.view.suffix`, 
`gaffer.cache.service.federated.store.suffix`

> This also means two FederatedStores (or any graphs) can be made to share the same cache. In the example of load balancing FederatedStore instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This also means two FederatedStores (or any graphs) can be made to share the same cache, e.g. load balancing FederatedStore instances.
```
